Description :
-------------
	The application collects tweets for the given movie and analyzes those tweets to see whether the movie is
	liked by the random users. The application summarizes the result by giving percentage of the positive tweets
	and negative tweets. From this the user can decide whether to watch the movie or not. The raw data which are
	the tweets by random users is cleaned before the analysis

Note:
-----
	The results generated by the application totally depend on the data from tweeter which might not be correct
	for small set of data. The credibility of the result increases as the data set size increased.

Working:
--------
Clustering:
	The communities are detected among the users who tweeted for the movie. The network between these user is 
	formed on the basis of the Jaccard similarity between the users. If two users are similar then an edge is
	added between them. Jaccard similarity depends on the number common friends the two users have. The outliers
	are filtered from the network diagram. Girvan-Newman algorithm is used to identify communities between the
	users.
	
Classify:
	IMDB training data is used to train the classifier and AFINN word set is used to identify positive-negative
	features. The classifier stores one instance for each class having highest probability of prediction. The 
	user can see the percentage of people who are positive about the movie and who are negative about the movie.
	The tweets were cleaned by removing mentions and the URLs. Re-tweets are discarded.

Testing:
--------
	The application is tested for movie Moana. 2025 random tweets were collected from twitter out of which more
	than half tweets were classified as positive. This suggest that overall the movie is good.

Conclusion:
------------
	The sentiment analysis has challenges like sarcasm and the different contexts in which the words are used. 
	The word as an individual is considered to rate the tweet. for example a tweet that mentioned about a dialogue
	from the movie was classified as negative because the dialogue contained negative words. Similarly tweets 
	that had song lyrics got classified on the words in the lyrics whereas the user was mentioning that he can 
	not stop listening to it which is a positive thing about the movie.
	The training data plays an important role, it should be clean and related to the field of analysis in some 
	aspect. The train data used is the IMDB movie reviews. Each document from the review specifically talks about
	the good or bad things about the movies mentioning positive-negative words that describe any movie. Whereas 
	the random tweets mentioning the movie not necessarily talk about the movie. for example a user just mentions the
	movie in the tweet where he just wanted to tell how did he spend his weekend, not specifically talking about
	the movie. The randomness in the data has an effect on the quality of the results
	The clustering result suggests that users are not very similar. Many of the users are filtered from the network
	diagram while removing the outliers. Also there were clusters with single node which are ignored.

Assumption:
----------
    The settings used in the clustering may not be suitable for the small set of data